cpu-a-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-a-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-a-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-a-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-b-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-b-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-b-5             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-b-5             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-b-6             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-b-6             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-c-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-c-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-c-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-c-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-c-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-c-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-c-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-c-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-e-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-e-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-f-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            down*
cpu-f-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            down*
cpu-f-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            down*
cpu-f-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            down*
cpu-g-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-g-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-g-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-g-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
cpu-i-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-1             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-2             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-3             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-i-4             (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-vm-1            (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
cpu-vm-2            (null)                                            (null)                                            idle
gpu-a-1             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-a-1             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-a-2             gpu:a100:4(S:0-1)                                 gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-a-2             gpu:a100:4(S:0-1)                                 gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-a-3             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               allocated
gpu-a-3             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               allocated
gpu-a-4             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               allocated
gpu-a-4             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               allocated
gpu-b-1             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:4(IDX:0-3)                              mixed
gpu-b-1             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:4(IDX:0-3)                              mixed
gpu-b-2             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0-2)                              mixed
gpu-b-2             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0-2)                              mixed
gpu-b-3             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0,2-3)                            mixed
gpu-b-3             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0,2-3)                            mixed
gpu-b-4             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:4(IDX:0-3)                              allocated
gpu-b-4             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:4(IDX:0-3)                              allocated
gpu-b-5             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0-1,3)                            mixed
gpu-b-5             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:3(IDX:0-1,3)                            mixed
gpu-b-6             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:2(IDX:0-1)                              allocated
gpu-b-6             gpu:a6000:4                                       gpu:a6000:2(IDX:0-1)                              allocated
gpu-c-1             gpu:a40:8                                         gpu:a40:7(IDX:0-6)                                allocated
gpu-c-1             gpu:a40:8                                         gpu:a40:7(IDX:0-6)                                allocated
gpu-d-1             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-d-1             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-d-2             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-d-2             gpu:a100:4                                        gpu:a100:4(IDX:0-3)                               mixed
gpu-e-1             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                drained
gpu-e-1             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                drained
gpu-e-2             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-2             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-3             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                allocated
gpu-e-3             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                allocated
gpu-e-4             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-4             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-5             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-e-5             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-e-6             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-6             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-7             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-7             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-e-8             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-e-8             gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-f-1             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:6(IDX:0-5)                               mixed
gpu-f-1             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:6(IDX:0-5)                               mixed
gpu-f-2             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:0(IDX:N/A)                               drained
gpu-f-2             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:0(IDX:N/A)                               drained
gpu-f-3             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-3             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-4             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-4             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-5             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-5             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-6             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-f-6             gpu:h100:8                                        gpu:h100:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-g-1             gpu:l40s:4                                        gpu:l40s:0                                        drained*
gpu-g-1             gpu:l40s:4                                        gpu:l40s:0                                        drained*
gpu-g-2             gpu:l40s:4                                        gpu:l40s:3(IDX:0-2)                               mixed
gpu-g-2             gpu:l40s:4                                        gpu:l40s:3(IDX:0-2)                               mixed
gpu-h-1             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-1             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-2             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-2             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-3             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-3             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-4             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-4             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-5             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-5             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-6             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-6             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-7             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-7             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-8             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-h-8             gpu:h200:8                                        gpu:h200:8(IDX:0-7)                               mixed
gpu-sm01-01         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm01-01         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm01-02         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-02         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-03         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm01-03         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm01-04         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-04         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-05         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-05         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-06         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-06         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-07         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm01-07         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm01-08         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-08         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-09         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-09         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-10         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-10         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-11         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-11         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-12         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                drained
gpu-sm01-12         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                drained
gpu-sm01-13         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-13         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm01-14         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-14         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-15         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-15         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-16         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-16         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-17         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-17         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-18         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-18         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-19         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-19         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-20         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm01-20         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-01         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-01         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-02         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-02         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-03         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-03         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-04         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-04         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-05         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-05         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-06         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm02-06         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm02-07         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-07         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-08         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-08         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-09         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-09         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-10         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-10         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-11         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm02-11         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm02-12         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-12         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-13         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-13         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-14         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-14         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:0(IDX:N/A)                                idle
gpu-sm02-15         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-15         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-16         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-16         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-17         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm02-17         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  draining
gpu-sm02-18         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm02-18         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  mixed
gpu-sm02-19         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-19         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-20         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
gpu-sm02-20         gpu:a40:1(S:0)                                    gpu:a40:1(IDX:0)                                  allocated
login-01            (null)                                            (null)                                            mixed
login-02            (null)                                            (null)                                            idle